Dandy's World or DW (shortened) is a 2024 indie mascot horror game created by Qwelver. Dandy's World is one of two games Qwelver has created under BlushCrunch Studio, the other one being Flavor Frenzy. Dandy's World is part of the mascot horror genre and was initially released on June 14, 2024.
As a Roblox game, Dandy's World requires both an active internet connection and a Roblox account in order to play the game. The player can choose to either join a public server or host a private one for free, although private servers are highly recommended if it is your first time playing the game.


Description and Mechanics
Upon entering the game, the player will be transported into the Lobby as a Toon. If it is the first time the player has joined the game, they will have the choice to select between  Poppy or  Boxten before entering the Lobby. From there, the player can view and select their Toon, Toon Skin, and Trinkets as well as view their progress on Mastery and Twisted Research. A short information menu is also viewable in the interface that explains the basic mechanics of the game. You can also buy various things including new Toons, Trinkets, or Skins from Dandy's Store, access Roleplaying Mode through a door to the left in the spawning area or enter one of the three Elevator shafts in the bigger part of the Lobby to play a round. Only eight players can enter the Elevator at a time. After 15 seconds following the first player entering the Elevator, if one or more players are still on, the Elevator will close and all players inside it will be teleported out of the Lobby and into a round. If the elevator is completely full, everyone goes immediately.

After the game waits for players to join into the actual game, the players may have 15 seconds to change their loadout if they desire. After the 15 seconds are up, all players will spawn in the Elevator with their desired Toons and Trinkets. There is no limit as to how many players can play as the exact same Toon. From there, the game will generate a map for each Floor, including the number and placement of the Machines and the number of Twisteds present on the Floor. The amount of Machines and Twisteds scales with the number of Floors passed and the amount of players still alive in the round: at the start, only four Machines and two Twisteds will appear. What kinds of Twisteds will spawn in a given Floor will also depend on the number of Floors passed, with the game not spawning Main Character Twisteds until at least Floor 5.

The goal of the game is to survive as many Floors as possible, while also assisting other players. To advance to the next Floor, players must fill Machines by extracting Ichor. This can be done by interacting with the Machine if close enough, and the player can press the Interact key (E) or the "Stop Extracting" button while on a Machine to stop extracting. While on a Machine, a quick-time event called a Skill Check has a chance to occur. When a Skill Check occurs, a bar will appear along with an indicator that will move from the left to the right of the bar. The player must either press the space bar or press the "PRESS TO SKILLCHECK" button above the bar upon reaching the light gray window or the golden window in order to pass the Skill Check. If the Skill Check is failed, the Machine will briefly stop extracting and any Twisteds nearby will be alerted to the Machine. Landing the golden window during a Skill Check will add extra completion to the Machine and say, 'Great Job'.

The player has a maximum of three Hearts (two Hearts if the Toon is a Main Character) and will also have a Stamina bar from 100 to 200 depending on their Stamina Stat. They could hold the Shift key on PC or press the speed toggle on mobile in order to sprint, which will deplete the Stamina bar for however long they sprint. While not sprinting, the player will recover Stamina over time. If the player is hit by a Twisted's attack or uses an Ability that causes them to take damage, they will lose one Heart. If all Hearts are lost, the player will die and will be offered to either spectate other players or return to the Lobby. Upon the player's death, they will be shown how much Ichor they earned in the round, which is based on the number of Floors they survived, how many Twisteds they encountered, and how many Items they picked up, with Ichor also being earned during the round through completing Machines, picking up Research Capsules, and using their Toon's Active Ability if they have one. The player can restore Hearts by obtaining healing items.

Once all Machines are filled, Panic Mode will begin. During Panic Mode, Twisteds will become faster, although the speed boost can be mitigated using the "Suppression" card if selected in a Card Vote. Players will have no less than 30 seconds to return into the Elevator. Once the timer is up, the Elevator will close and any players that didn't make it in will be instantly killed, regardless of how many Hearts they have remaining ( Connie and  Bobette's abilities are also ignored). The Elevator will close immediately if all players still alive have entered, regardless of how much time is left during Panic Mode.

Each Toon has a set of 6 Stats (Health, Skill Check, Movement Speed, Stamina, Stealth, and Extraction Speed) and at least one Ability to assist them or other players. These abilities can either be passive or active, in which active abilities can be activated by pressing the ability's icon next to the item inventory or by pressing the F key. On Floors, players can find various Items that can assist them. They can also find Tapes, which they can use to trade for items at Dandy's elevator shop or activate their Toon's ability if it requires Tapes, and Research Capsules that could add 1% Research to any of the Twisteds (2% if  Rodger) on the Floor. The Toons also have dialogue that they could say for completing a Machine, using their active ability, or after a Floor is complete. Before odd-numbered Floors, if more than one player is still present and the players have different Toons, there is a chance for their Toons to have a conversation.

After a Floor is complete, one of two things will happen: if the next Floor is even-numbered,  Dandy will open up his shop for the players to exchange Tapes for any of three randomly generated Items, including Items that are normally only available through his shop. While all three items can be bought, only one of each can be bought at a time. The players can also choose to buy nothing but having every player doing so for three times in a row or more will give  Twisted Dandy a chance to spawn. If the next Floor is odd-numbered, a Card Vote will occur, in which players can vote for one of three Cards; the card with the most votes will have its effects applied.

As the player does various activities in a round, such as extracting from Machines or using their Toon's active ability (if applicable) or collecting Capsules, they will collect Ichor, which acts as the currency of the game. Ichor can also be bought using Robux, Roblox's currency. The player can use Ichor to purchase new Toon licenses, Trinkets, or Toon Skins from Dandy's Store in the Lobby. Most Toons and Trinkets do require the player to do various tasks on top of collecting enough Ichor to purchase, such as completing machines, using Items, or researching specific Twisteds.

rivia
Dandy's World was created on January 26th, 2024, but wasn't publicly available to players until its Alpha release on June 14th, 2024.
Dandy's World was inspired by three different games, these being Bendy and the Ink Machine art direction wise, and both Dead by Daylight and Identity V for gameplay inspiration.
Despite being inspired by the game, Qwel had never played Dead by Daylight. Instead, she took notes from watching gameplay. [1]
Dandy's World reached 1 Billion Visits on the 26th of December 2024.
Dandy's World reached 2 Billion Visits on the 21st of February 2025.
Dandy's World reached 3 Billion Visits on the 20th of April 2025.
Dandy's World reached 4 Billion Visits on the 11th of July 2025.
The World Record for the highest Floor reached in a glitchless run is 506 on Version 0.8.4.[2]
The World Record for the highest Floor reached in a glitched run is 401 on Version 0.6.4.1. [3]
The run used a glitch which would lower your Stealth Multiplier stat to -0, making anyone using the bug have exceptionally low Stealth.
DO NOT attempt a glitched run. Doing so will lead to you being banned, potentially indefinitely, from Dandy's World.
The highest number of Active Players playing on Dandy's World was 866,577 on April 18th EST, 2025. [4]
This was also the same day that the 2025 Easter Event released.
The idea for Dandy's World was thought about back in 2022 and was originally simply called "Dandy", but the idea for the game was originally scrapped. Qwel decided to revive the idea and announced the game was back in development on the 31st of October 2023, which is when the Dandy's World Teaser released. [5]
Dandy's World has been nominated for 5 categories in the 2025 Roblox Innovation Awards. Those categories are:
Best Horror Experience
Best New Experience
Best Party & Casual Experience
Best Survival Experience
People's Choice